Hello everybody today we're going to be in the feature selection process.
What is it going to accomplish.
Is it going to shorten the amount of columns we need to get the same accuracy that we did in the previous
years with less columns and the same accuracy the marksman to be faster and is also useful because when
we want to put models into production to make sure that it's not too heavy to run.
So as we get this process first we need to import the library is the over use.
And of course it's going to be that linear model slash logistic regression function that we poured in
early before.
And we're also going to import that are IF function from feature selection great.
So now let's begin building these feature selection process.
First we create the classifier.
We've got to make sure that we tell the jury selection process what kind of model that we're designing
for in this case.
Logistic Regression actually.
Now then we need to select the top best features.
So how many features you would select.
Well let's take a look at the shape of the extreme variable.
So if we do extreme that shape we can see the shift of how many cards we have in this case is going
to be extreme.
Excellent because that's a good amount.
How about we shorten that by 20.
So we're going to build the process by doing the following.
R F E which is our feature selection process is going to be the calling of the RFU function as you might
expect and we're going to apply the classifier to it and we're going to tell how many QAnd we want and
the end result which in this case is going to be great.
So then we're going to run that and we're also going to fit this new model.
This is not exactly a model but it's going to work just as one meaning that you fit the strength in
the works why drink to it.
Excellent.
So that's what's this going to take a few seconds because there is lot other different permutations
of models that is right but because it's small and our model is relatively small so we finish very quickly.
Great.
So now that we have fit the model to the extreme and the white train let's see which particular attributes
are actually useful in this case.
Those are going to be coming from.
So we're going to print.
They're going to be coming from are we that support.
So let's see what these poor returns it returns a bunch of.
True True False false values meaning that these values are actually mapping which of the columns are
included in the final results and which are not so a subset.
The column names you see true true for false.
We're going to get the fields that were included in the final result.
So let's do it.
We're going to run extrem that columns and we're going to use to support a subset of that support.
And if we run this we get the calls that were actually included.
So these are the 20 fields that the model that was the best predictor if we actually want to see the
ranking as well we can do RFE because as you guys may expect and similar.
And instead of support we're going to use ranking.
We run it and then we call once represent the field that went into it.
They're mapping to the True in it or if you support and the rest are ranked by importance.
So number two is not good in the top 20 but it is the 21st more important value.
And number three goes on forward number four all the way to the very last great.
So now we know which columns are better to use.
So this actually used as combed to fill them up.
Well we're going to do in this case is we're going to copy and paste exact same code that we had before
just using the new copies.
So the scope it is we're going to base it.
Excellent.
So what is going to change here.
Well obviously we run because you fire we get it with a random state.
But instead of training on extreme We're going to do it on X-raying RF E support.
You guys can see why this is because we don't want to work with the columns that we say that we're not
useful.
So this is like in this case it is going to be extreme that columns.
Let's make this wish for and then we're going to use the subset we want to use are the support.
And this should work just fine.
If we run these couple lines which are in our model there you go.
And what we tested is going to be the same thing we're going to use X test columns and Weakland a subset
of that support.
And then we call pretty not we run everything else the same way that we did before.
This is going to give us first the accuracy of 61 almost sixty two percent actually 61 percent.
OK nothing crazy that the precision against pretty low or under 50 the percentage the record is high.
Again that 75 percent is very similar to our first results and the first video and the one score is
similar to the accuracy as we partygoer we can apply the math for the confusion matrix that we see in
the middle and the results are almost the same.
There's a couple number differences but that's not to be mostly the same given that the random state
is zero.
So it should be pretty similar.
So what have we accomplished with this step.
We've accomplished something very very important.
We have found 20 columns that are not giving us anything new in this model.
And this is one of the main reasons this party was built in this manner.
We wanted to create a model that could predict whether or not this is going to turn many of the fields
that we have in the U.S. have nothing to do with the inability to churn.
So they're going to be pretty much useless but we need to balance those we need to make sure that we
have at least tried to use them.
And this is what we did.
We had tended to use them to give us some lift.
We chopped them all off half of them off and the leaf was the same meaning that on the first 20 fields
that is where most of the weight is lying.
Most of the predictive power.
So we are done with this process.
We have finalized that feature selection process.
We came away with these 20 columns.
If you guys want.
You can play around with different columns.
You guys are going to realize if you keep playing the stronger power comes in the very few number of
columns but for is sufficient for us.
We want to at least have some kind of leeway and don't be specifically restricted to relying on one
or two columns for predictive power.
So 20 is going to be a good number.
Anyways thank you very much for watching and see you in the next week.